From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
our weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number three 63. Recorded live
Thursday, March 14th, 2013. Support for Hanselman
it's just provided by Tellerik
offering the best in developer
tools and support online@telerikdotcomandbyfranklins.net makers
of gesture pack a powerful
gesture, recording and recognition system
for Microsoft connect for windows
developers details@gesturepak.com. In this episode,
Scott talks with Paul Irish
about HTML five JavaScript Chrome
and the web platform. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes. And today we've got
Paul Irish. How are you,
sir? Hello, doing good. Doing
great. Very cool. Thanks for,
for coming on. Talk to
me. So you work in
at Google, you are Chrome
developer relations. Yeah, that's absolutely
right. It's developer advocate. I'm
all about these days. I'm
all about kind of developer
productivity, making sure that developers
are as productive as they
can be when building web
apps that are amazing on
desktop, on mobile and also,
you know, people develop with
best practices, things like that.
So I think I love
that word advocate. I think
that you and I kind
of have similar jobs, but
we also work for these
giant companies where people assume
that we have to represent
all of the company's interests.
So it's like, Oh, you
work for Google. You must
care really deeply about ads,
but from watching you, you
care about the web and
people think I care about
Xbox or whatever, you know,
I got yelled at recently
for not having a windows
phone and it's like, you
know, kinda not my thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. My,
my, my passion is I
want the web, so I'm
really passionate about it as
an application platform. And I
think that there's a lot
we can do, but I'm
excited about the state that
it is right now. And
so that's my focus and
it's not, it's not a
Google point of view per
se. Like there's a lot
of things that Google does
that could be even better
when it comes to towards
the web and its promise.
So I'm very happy to
be honest about those kinds
of things. Do you feel
like you're kind of in
a pretty sweet situation in
the sense of like, you've
got this big company behind
you that lets you push
the web forward kind of,
regardless of whether it helps
Google or not like the
web will, when the web
is winning, the avalanche has
begun. You know, it's really
fantastic to be somewhere where,
you know, I can have
this sort of regional impact
that I think that I
think really benefits the situation.
So that's why I wouldn't
like a startup is like,
Hey, Paul, you want to
go lead a front end
engineering team? And I'm like,
well, you know, I do
partly wanna, you know, just
go hack a hundred percent
on web stuff, but also
I think we're not done
yet from it, from like
a web advocacy standpoint. So
I think it's great to
be here Just when I
think we are even close
to done. I'm like, no,
we've even at like 49%
for like the last 10
years, the progress bar is
not moving. Although Chrome definitely
changed the train change the
speed of the progress bar.
When it, when it came
out, I mean, I just
opened up Chrome beta. I
think I'm on the beta
channel. I was on Canary
for awhile. Anyway, I just
noticed literally this morning I'm
on Chrome 27 and I
swear it was 17 really
recently, which brings up this
idea of, I guess you
don't really think about version
numbers anymore. It really is
all about feature detection. Yeah,
absolutely. Yeah. So the Chrome
ways is especially when it
comes to users, is there
are no version numbers, Chrome
just updates. You now have
a new feature and that's
the way that you're talking
about it to users, to
developers, we do have to
be a bit more specific
and that's why sites like,
can I use are really
helpful when it comes out
of tracking when my body
API, when, when of GL,
et cetera, all landed and
what conversion, but of course
yet inevitably future detection is,
is the right way to
be handling, handling this in
Chrome and in all the
various mobile devices that actually
are sometimes a bit trickier
when it comes to this
sort of thing. I get
the impression and I don't
work for I E nor
do I know anyone over
there. So this is just
me as web guy observing
this, that they seem to
believe that things might be
a little more slower than
like it's, you know how
like some people are on
Canary. Some people aren't beta,
some people are unstable. How
often does Chrome stable rev
About every 12 weeks. So
people think that Chrome is
updating like every three or
four hours, but in realistically
it's like three or four
times a year, right? It's
not like half the speed
of ooVoo and right. It's
very reliable. Six weeks, six
weeks is stable Tweaks, this
stable. Okay. So, so if
I, he starts doing it
every year or every 18
months or something like that,
as people on the web
are presuming the argument is
always made that, Oh, enterprises
can't go that fast. Like,
you know, they, they, they
all need,  still do
enterprises use Chrome. And does,
does it revving so fast
freak out there I'd heat
apartments? I don't, I don't
know what, what sort of
the enterprise situation is for
Chrome. Like I, I do
know that when Firefox announced
that they had a new
release model, the enterprise community
kind of really upset and
that led Firehawks introducing the
ESR, the extended support release,
which I think is equal
to Firefox 10 and it
supported for a year. And
so that was way of,
whereas the rest of Firefox
ships, every six weeks, just
like Chrome, Chrome has supports
for being able to turn
off automatic updates, as much
as I hate that idea,
there is support there's, you
know, MSI installer and administrators
can turn off updates, but
I would be very unhappy
if I met someone that
did that, like, you know,
the consumer side web deals
with deals with the rapidly
changing landscape of browsers and
it deals with new browser
versions and it feature detectors
and all those things. And
I like, I'm just, I,
I think that the, the
internet side of the internet
internet side web apps are
just, there was, there was
a time when people didn't
know how to develop them
very well. And that's why
they got locked into only
works in this browser version.
But I think that's changing
a lot, especially, especially with
the changes that he has
made, you know, comparing six
99 is a completely different
browser. And anyone developing for
the browser is not going
to have a problem with
10 comes down in their
company. So we're in a
bit of a different landscape.
So I think that the
concerns of the web doesn't
work anymore are, are mostly
behind us. Yeah. I think
that there's, it's all just
FID, right? It's just fear
that, you know, the expense
reporting system we wrote 12
years ago is going to
suddenly suddenly break. And we
don't know where that code
is anymore. Like, it sounds
silly, but like that's a
classic problem for an enterprise.
So if, if WebKit is
making a move and we've
still got Firefox, but now
opera has announced that they're
going to go web kit,
presumably in a fairly orderly
fashion, I'm starting to see
all of these kind of
a blog posts around what
they call WebKit monoculture. So
WebKit, some people say it
moves the web forward, which
I think we can all
agree. It kind of did,
but at the same time
people were saying, well, maybe
WebKit will hold us back
because then they'll only be
WebKit Right. I, I think,
I think on desktop, this
doesn't matter. I just stop
this, this change, especially from
opera, doesn't seem to have
as big of an impact,
but on mobile, I think
that's, that's probably what precipitated
a lot of it. It's
very hard. I imagine for
her Firefox, for IIE and
previously for opera to get
impeccability on the mobile web,
because web WebKit has had
an early lead there and
that web developers using bad
practices. Have you mean Web
developers targeting mobile Safari? Yeah.
Yeah. And they've, they've, they've
targeted that side of that
flavor of the web and,
and that in men, in
some cases has not been
interoperable. Maybe they're missing vendor
prefixes, maybe they're using things
that are only available in
iOS web kit, but it
led to it issue where
there's, there's a value credibility
thing. Mozilla actually did a
study and found like they
basically went through a top
10,000 sites and looked at
the vendor prefixes that they
used. And like let's say
for every site that used
a WebKit dash transition, about
15% of those sites also
had MSDS ms. Dash transition.
So, and, and probably just
a few bit more would
have the unprefixed transition, which
is what ITN actually uses.
So there was a big
problem for the offering side.
Didn't really expect a widely
diverse browser engine, mobile web.
So that was 12 developers
fault. So oper made this
move and I mean, it's,
it's going to be good
for their users. A lot
of the concern, I think
in YPO monoculture monoculture conversation
is that when WebKit has
some quirk that is unique
to WebKit and that is
not either in the spec
or is not shared by
other browsers. And that just
becomes kind of the way
that everyone expects things to
work. And so pugs will
be fire piled against other
browser vendors. Why don't you
treat border radius with elliptical
shapes like this or something?
Cause WebKit does it so,
so I can understand why,
why basically, you know, specs
needs to Trump web gets
behavior. And, and I think
there's a lot of ways
to resolve this right now,
the testing infrastructure between all
the, all the browsers, it
couldn't be better. All the
browsers have really great tests
that they run against, but
they're not shared and they're
not executed across the vendors
as much as they should
be. So, you know, these
are fairly interoperable implementations of
the same features, but we
could do better there. So
that's, that's one of the
things that I've been talking
about internally inside the Chrome
team, but also having, we
had a W3C testing workshop
recently around, you know, making
this a set up a
lot better where we're all
the browsers are, are kind
of having congruent feature specs,
more trunks. I mean Trump
implementations, but I can understand
where if there was only
one browser and it was
only WebKit and then the
web, it would be the
one that implemented the spec.
And then that would be
the spec. It would become
the defacto spec. I get
why people would be concerned
about that, but why do
these things even go, go
wrong? I mean, if you
look on stack overflow, almost
every question on the web
now is these three browsers
do it the way we
think the spec works and
this one interpreted it differently.
There was some, I forgot
what it was, some hover,
pseudo element thing in and
10 or whatever. And it's
like, everybody does this way,
except they read it that
way. Don't they all get
in a room and chat
about this. How does that
even happen? They do. Yeah.
So a lot. So there's
a lot of conversations around
what behaviors should be, and
that gets into the spec.
So you, you look, you
look at like any mailing
list, like www style. And
if you let that into
your inbox, so lead around
really quickly, but there's a
lot of really healthy conversations
across browser vendors on what
the behavior should be and
all these edge cases. It's
really fantastic to watch. I
think though, at the same
time, while there's a debate
like that, there is, there's
a shortage of, of people
who are writing specs and
especially people who are offering
test suites, especially early on
in spec development. So what
that means is that vendors
browsers will then be implementing
something and there'll be writing
their own tests, but it
won't be shared across. So
it's like this minor logistical
issue that actually is being
changed. There's a lot of
the proposals that have come
out of Adobe things like
some web components, things, those
are starting out very early
on with cross vendor test
suites. But in other cases
like CSS transforms did not
really have that sort of
coverage early on. So something
implementations gotta touch different. Do
you think that this time,
next year, we're going to
start to do fragment all
of this and get our
heads on straight? Or are
we going to continue to
jockey for position? Like Yeah,
I, yeah, there's a lot
of really good things happening
in the space right now.
W3C actually just added someone
full time. His name is
Toby Langel. He is the,
he's the kind of W3C
honcho at Facebook. And he
is now full time for
one year trying to fix
the, the testing infrastructure so
that all vendors are tested
across the same stuff. And
that it's painless for, for
them to maintain that. So
actually, like I've been kind
of cranky about the situation
right now, but I see
a lot, I have a
lot of optimism for how
it's going in the right
direction. I feel like, I
mean, not to like overstate
Tony's position, but it's like
we have one guy for
one year to fix this
thing that could change the
face of the web forever.
It seemed like somebody might
want to just throw in
some money to help out
and put a couple of
people on this full time
and get some things done.
Yeah. Yes, yes. And so
all browser vendors have people
that focus exclusively on testing,
but, but then there's kind
of a connection that needs
to be improved regarding browser's
own testing and then testing
at the, at the standards
and the shared level. And
so that's, we're going to
see more investment there I
expect. And she'll just kind
of make everything a lot
better. I think a lot
of people who are making
the move, a lot of
enterprise developers that are making
the move from kind of
server side development, where they
really work their backend servers
to make HTML and ship
angled brackets across the wire.
Her now moving into a,
a balance where there's some
work that happens on the
server. And there's a lot
of work that happens on
the client. They find this
world where we're all jockeying
for position. There's a lot
of personality driven development. You're
not using required JS you
suck, Oh, you're using this.
Do you suck? You know,
you, you, it's almost like
you with Twitter, the idea
of followers, you pick your
favorite JavaScript developer, or you
pick your favorite company and
then you want to use
their stuff. It all started
with the whole jQuery MooTools
motion kind of like, and
smack down then one of
them one, and now we're
fighting about MVC frameworks. Right?
Right. Yeah. I think there's,
there's something about the web
community that really just prizes,
just like celebrity, whether it's,
whether it's a project or
a person. And it really
is all about, I mean,
part of it's nice because
part of it's about like
a strong and loyal community
and a community that you
like have corroborate camaraderie with
and you learn from, but
then the evil side is
that sometimes it's just not,
you know, not pushing us
in the right direction. I
think I got some feedback
on one of my products
a while ago that was
along these lines because somewhere
around when they launched the,
the copy on the homepage
was very like, it was
very showy and it was
very like, this stuff will
just make you look cool.
I wrote it in a
way that I was so
excited about it and I
was just excited to share
it, but it wasn't, it
wasn't explaining what this does
for you. And it was
more just like getting you
excited, Youthful and exuberance or,
I mean like, cause there
are people who will come
out with some, pick a
noun dot JS, and then
they'll go in, they'll make
a gorgeous site and it
will be like such and
such, such and shut and
go boom. Right. Like all
caps, like boom, that's our
tagline. Yeah. And so, yeah,
it's, it's okay to be
excited though. I mean it's
okay. One of the things
that I it's been a
really enlightening to see the
flex developer community kind of
entering into JavaScripts in nature
because they've come from a
completely different background. They're used
to a platform that offers
a lot of things that
they kind of have to
put together on their own
and they come and they
see these projects and they're
just like, why are these
projects marketing themselves so hard
at you? Why aren't they
just telling me bullet by
bullet the feature set that
they offer? And I mean,
I, I understand like, you
know, part of it is,
is the web community doesn't
have the vocabulary established that
people like the flux community
hat. But the other part
is that I, I agree
that that things could be
a little bit more just
plain and readable when it
comes to what exactly you're
getting out of this project
and how you're going to
want to partner your use
of this, of his tool
or project with other things.
Yeah. I think that that
for, it feels like that
there's small companies, small startups,
five, 10 people in a
room really excited full of
energy and caffeine head in
one direction. And then there's
kind of this tired, more
enterprise you developers just like,
just sit, just solve this
problem for me, do it
in a reliable way. Don't
disappear. So there's like, there's
a pragmatism aspect of things.
Almost like there's a triangle
there's pragmatism, there's showy and
flashy. And then there's purist
kind of like the, is
this code haiku quality, right?
And there's this constant balance
between like take any library
and you could plot it
on this, this triangle as
far as like, is, is
it flashy? Is it showy?
Is it trying to like
be lisped like, or is
it trying to be like
coffee script where it's gorgeous
and it's look what we
did in 12 lines of
code or is it all
where there's no library, it's
just really a gorgeous front
end and there's nothing, Right?
Yeah. It seems like you'd
want, I mean, when you
plot it out like that,
and that's trying to, like,
I feel like I want
something that's kind of in
the middle. You know, I
want something that is eloquently
written and I want it
to, I want it to
sell itself well enough that
I know that there's going
to be a community that's
around it and who support
it and I can learn
from, but I also want
to know that its engineering
principles are, are, are good.
And that the problem that
it's trying to solve is
large enough for me to,
you know, to sink some
time into learning it. Exactly.
I think I'm looking here
online. I think I thought
there was a Project that
just came out. I want
to say it was called
like low bar or slow-mo
JS was her name. Oh,
I'll find it. But there
was a project that just
came out that was like
trying to be like underscore,
but it was an underscore
competitor, low dash dash. Yeah.
Low dash written by John David Dalton.
He's actually, he's a JavaScript
performance manager at Microsoft, but
this is his open source
project and yeah. So he
came out with this originally
it started as a fork
of underscore because John tried
to get some changes into
underscore that, that allow him
to create a fork is
now been allowed back onto
the project as a contributor
and collaborator. And so he's
contributing to both his fork
and alternative and the original
project, which is right. But
it's also like the low
Nash community. Well, originally it
was kind of like this
outcast and like, everyone's like,
well, I don't know if
I can trust this now.
It's actually a very well
like celebrated and shared kind
of project. Exactly. And I,
I bring that up as
an example where KIPP Cambridges
article that said to say
hello to low dash was
presented in a way that
was practical, pragmatic, flashy, side-by-side
demos, but extremely like, alright,
here's what we have to
offer. So I look at
that as like, in my
mind, the one that I've
thought of in the last
few months, that's right in
the middle of that triangle.
Yeah. That's a really solid
project. They've done a good
job there. Yeah. It's pretty
exciting at a lower level.
I feel like we're reinventing
a lot of work and
like, alright, I'm going to
make the, world's great to
do application first. I needed
to decide how I'm going
to manage async first. I'm
going to decide how I
do module loading. Sure. We've
since we're, we're in a
very scary time of flux
right now, like if I
was going to do a
startup and do a lot
of JavaScript today, I might
find half of my project
being thrown out when yes.
Six comes out next year
or whenever things happen, you
know what I mean? Yeah.
There's, there's a lot of
things going on right now.
Like another part is like,
I want to build a
web app. There's a lot
of parts that are going
to like the best way
to build a large app
is to never build a
large app and to build
a collection of small, you
know, small modules work together.
How am I adding that
into my page? Like 25
script tags? Probably not like
I should be using modules
these days. You know, people
go the route of offering
an AMD modules or the
we'll use common JS modules
and use something like no
browser. And they both have
their advantages and disadvantages. But
I think that like nowadays
it's pretty much impossible to
be offering something of significance
and not be offering your
code in modules. So I'm
excited about what ECMAScript six
does, cause modules are, are
right now of, we have
these hacks to make this
work, protect the global scope
and things like that. ECMAScript
six offers a real native
way to do it, but
also there's a lot of
other pieces coming around. This
one is when it comes
to like going in and
out, I'm going to have
my application cut. I'm going
to split it up. But
I'm also going to have
dependencies on third party code.
And right now, like, let's
say I want to use
backbone. Okay. So I opened
my browser and I Google
backbone. I download it, I
move it from my downloads
folder into my application folder.
And I added into my
page somehow when I want
to update it, I go
through a similar thing. Like
I'm watching Twitter to find
out when it updates. And
then I go like this
manual steps. Oh, I didn't
even mention the fact that
it has dependencies of its
own that I need to
go find on the left
too. I feel that we're
at this point where we,
that package management can really
solve a lot of problems
for us and make us
more productive, keep our libraries
up to date, help us
out a lot with that.
And so Isn't it multifaceted
though? I mean, there's packaging,
there's bringing it down, putting
it somewhere. Yeah. There's version
of management, dependency management, like
you mentioned, there's like the
RPM NPM new get Jim's
side of things, development time.
Right. Then there's runtime loading
and managing of that, but
then bundling and minification It
does. Yeah. The optimization side
on that side. Yeah. So
a good solution has to
kind of handle all these
things. And a few people
have tried different approaches. There,
there was a project a
bit ago called BPM browser
packing manager, and it kind
of tried to tackle all
three pieces. So not only
checked the retrieving of packages,
but also had our hits
own preview server and then
handled modification itself as well.
Other projects nowadays I'm involved
in a project called Bauer
that was originally started by
Twitter, but now as a
very kind of large development
open source community, that's supporting
it. And it is pretty
much only just there, there
is a registry and there's
a way to pull things
out from it, resolve the
dependencies, get those. And then
she thinks that's a date
and there's hooks to connect
to these other parts of
runtime module loading and the
build time optimization. But I,
I mean, I'm really, really,
I think that without basically
without adopting packaging management solutions,
we're kind of holding ourselves,
holding ourselves back. I see
kind of people re remaining
at the same level of,
of the web platform. They're
just only building. So high
people get afraid of, of
having dependencies and using third
party code. And I think
it's really holding back the
sophistication of what we can
actually develop on the web
platform. So I think I'm
just really excited to see
more adoption, more tooling around
things. You know, I don't
want to have to manage
my, my new get and
my NPM and my other
client side pack management, all
uniquely, if I don't have
to. And I think there's
important opportunities for, for integrations,
but also plenty of other
development. So I'm pretty active
in the development, the developer
community there and invite anyone
else to join us. One
of the things I struggled
with a lot yesterday that
I guess Flexbox will fix.
At some point I was
messing with some CSS and
I had three browsers open
on three monitors and I
was doing a bunch of
breakpoint, responsive stuff. And I
was chasing boxes around. I
basically a grid of boxes
and I wanted them to
resize appropriately. And I was
deciding whether I wanted to
go and use, what is
the, what is the one,
that's the name of bricks?
It's the, it's the re
automatic resizing, masonry masonry. So
I was thinking, well, maybe
it's time to just rip
this whole design out and
do masonry. And I opened
up Chrome tools and I
get the CSS perfect. And
then I bumped something and
it was back the way
it was again. And I
lost everything. And I said
to myself, how come I'm
not typing in here and
having it automatically go back.
So I look around the
web and there's a half
dozen different projects out there
where they're trying to close
that browser tools loop to
say, I'm in a mode
now where I've modified my
CSS. I want to push
it back to the server.
Now that should be it.
That should be a spec.
You see what I'm saying?
Like every browser should support
that. Yeah. There's a few
ways, at least in the
Chrome deductibles to tackle that
one is command Z works,
Undo my safety self, the
Lord, I think I reloaded.
Yeah. Yeah. That was not
too long ago, but it's
kind of a secret and
I probably undocumented feature. Yeah.
That happens. One of the
other, yeah. Inside Chrome devils,
we've done a lot of
things to create that kind
of author, an experience where
you can just basically develop
inside the Chrome dev tools
and nodding their head back
to your, your editor, your
IDE Remy sharp has a
great screencast on this. And,
but you can basically one
of the great things that
actually just visually, so let's
say you're developing your CSS
with SAS. There's a port
for SAS source maps. So
I can author in SAS.
I can compile it. It
comes out in CSS. I
see the, this, the, the
styles of my Dom as
a regular, but then I
can control Clinton back to
my original SAS while, while
being in the Chrome dev
tools make changes right there
inside the dev tools hit
save. And then my styles
will auto refresh the new
compiled styles. So like that's
a really cool workflow that
you don't even have to
leave the decibels for. And
so we're seeing a lot
of improvements there and just
kind of like, let's take
the workflow that you're doing
with all these tools kind
of separated and deliver it
to you. All you in
one place Is the Chrome
dev tools than opening the
file off disc. Or is
there a listener that might
have to implement in my
service? It is the, the
compilation step is up to
you. But when the compiled
file changes, the Chrome dev
tools picks it up on
its own. Very cool. Yeah.
One of the other things
I want to talk to
kind of like one of
the last things I wanted
to talk to about is
that there it's, it's clear
that a lot of front
end development is, is, is
Mac focused and node focused.
And, and NPM is becoming
like the package manager for
everything and things like Bauer
and yeoman and all those
things are, are all focused
at the command line. And
the windows guys are really,
if I wanted to get
yeoman running on windows, it's
just gonna always be a
struggle. What can, you know,
should, should Microsoft kind of
try to help out and
make things like yeoman and
Bauer and these different things
like easier to use for
windows developers? What, I mean
Like Azure, for example, we
have the Azure tools in
NPM, so you just go
NPM, install Azure, and then
you go and rock it
at the command line. It's
cool. But trying to get
something like yeoman working or
auto reload, it's always like
for Linux, for Mac and
windows and beta, what trying
to figure out, how do
you need Cygwin or not?
I mean, ultimately are we
being held back by the
fact that we don't just
have bad? I think the
answer to the last question
is probably, yeah. I mean,
every time Windows developers out
there that want to be
on the cutting edge. Yeah.
I want to type LS
and have it work. And
a third, it does work
in PowerShell, but yes. Okay,
cool. Cool. Yeah. I did
a survey that's a long
ago about what of the
Chrome developer tools audience and
what OSS everyone is on.
And it's a 40, 40,
20 when Mac Linux really,
which I was surprised by
how, how high Linux was.
So I went and double
checked and yeah, I find
that hard to believe. That's
pretty crazy, it's really high,
but, but that makes me
like, make sure that Linux
priorities is a big Linux
support is a big priority,
but I mean that's for,
for windows priority or windows
support for dev tools. Like
I think it's mostly just
the history there, which is
that windows has always offered
kind of developer tools, whereas
on Mac and Linux has
been more command line focused.
And, and I don't know
what windows developer developers using
windows prefer, but certainly from
a, from a tool standpoint,
it's much easier to support
command line tools on windows
than it is to have
to build a story around
it, as long as you're
okay with that, that means
your audience, someone who's comfortable
with. Yeah. Yeah. We're, we're
finding that like an asp.net,
for example, it's about, I
would probably say like 60,
40, or 70 30, where
he really liked the gooey,
but they want a command
line usually in visual studio.
So for example, in VMs,
there's a, there's a package
console just like in sublime,
you know, you can kind
of bring up the quake
console and do your thing
and then throw it away.
We use the new get
package manager has PowerShell inside
vs. And inevitably what happens
is we'll convert stuff from
bash to PowerShell. And then
wish we had bash in
visual studio. Like I want
to go into visual studio,
go into NPM install or
add yeoman and then go
back into VAs. But I
haven't really left, you know
what I mean? Kind of
like vs as Whoa, Whoa.
You know what I mean?
Like I want to, I
want it paneled. Right. I
live in VMs. I like
things about vs, but I
want to have a command
line that's docked. Right. And
move smoothly between the two
and trying to figure out
like, and I can use,
I just use yeoman as
the example because yeoman's one
of those things that brings
in a bunch of other
tools. I don't know whether
Yellen will win the web,
but that's just an example
of a perspective that I
can't even offer. Like without
busting out my Mac book,
I can't even offer ideas
on what I think about
it. Yeah. Yeah. We, we
just went out under, under
when a really big refactor
and kind of changed the
entire way that it works,
breaking it on windows. Well,
no beta does not currently
work. So yeah, I guess
there used to be a
yeoman commands on the main
line and that is now
dead and diseased. So big
change in kind of how
everything operates and the 1.0
final, which we expect to
ship in the next few
weeks, we'll have windows support.
I think NPM and node
and JavaScript executable may be
that the answer, isn't it,
I'd be pretty happy with
that. You can't go and
go all said and knock
my way to glory. But
if I type yo this
and yo that, and that's
just, it's just an app.
That'd be great. Yeah, absolutely.
I mean the, the, the
environment of, of NPM being
so running so well on
windows these days, I think
was a really big boost
for both sides. And so
I really liked seeing kind
of the tool ecosystem written
in node kind of taking
off. It's not just for
modules that are used in
the app, but are now
the build tools that you're
using to construct those assets.
I'm really excited about that
movement. Yeah, definitely. Cool. Well,
thanks so much for talking
to me today. I really
appreciate. Yeah, absolutely. It's been
great. All right. Well, Paul
Irish, you can check them
out. You Google for Paul
Irish and you'll find all
sorts of great stuff. YouTube
channel blog and HTML five
for their plate. This has
been another episode of Hansel
minutes. We'll see you again
next week.